.TH "Script::Session" 3 "12 Apr 2002" "ccScript" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Script::Session \- This class holds an 'active' session handler that has been created by a 'slow' module handler. active session base class. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <script.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwaitHandler\fP (void)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIUsed to wait for operation completion.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstepScheduler\fP (const char *sighandler=NULL)"
.br
.RI "\fINotify interpreter callback that the session is complete and pass an optional signal handler for stepping.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsleepScheduler\fP (timeout_t delay)"
.br
.RI "\fINotify interpreter callback that a timed operation is in progress.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSession\fP (\fBScriptInterp\fP *interp)"
.br
.RI "\fIBase constructor.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Session\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBScriptInterp\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This class holds an 'active' session handler that has been created by a 'slow' module handler. active session base class.
.PP
This provides a mechanism for active sessions to impliment thread-based callback and thread based session handlers in a generic fashion.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> 
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "void Script::Session::sleepScheduler (timeout_t delay)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Notify interpreter callback that a timed operation is in progress.
.PP
Parameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fItime\fP\fP
delay of operation. 
.SS "void Script::Session::stepScheduler (const char * sighandler = NULL)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Notify interpreter callback that the session is complete and pass an optional signal handler for stepping.
.PP
Parameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIoptional\fP\fP
signal handler. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccScript from the source code.
