.PP
.TH "Script::Property" 3 "12 Apr 2002" "ccScript" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Script::Property \- This class is used for DSO modules that impliment property extensions for scripting objects. ccScript property module. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <script.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Static Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Property * \fBfind\fP (const char *name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetProperty\fP (char *data, char *temp, size_t size)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISet property method.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBgetProperty\fP (char *data, char *temp, size_t size)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIGet property method.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadjProperty\fP (char *data, size_t size, int adjust)"
.br
.RI "\fIadjust value method.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBgetPropertySize\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet default size of creation if override.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBProperty\fP (const char *name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBScriptInterp\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
This class is used for DSO modules that impliment property extensions for scripting objects. ccScript property module.
.PP
\fBAuthor: \fP
.in +1c
David Sugar <dyfet@ostel.com> 
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void Script::Property::adjProperty (char * data, size_t size, int adjust)\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
adjust value method.
.PP
Performs inc.xxx conversions.
.PP
Parameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIdata\fP\fP
buffer to work from. 
.TP
\fB\fIsize\fP\fP
of data buffer. 
.TP
\fB\fIaccumulated\fP\fP
offset. 
.SS "virtual void Script::Property::getProperty (char * data, char * temp, size_t size)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get property method.
.PP
Performs var.xxx conversions.
.PP
Parameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIdata\fP\fP
buffer to copy from. 
.TP
\fB\fItemp\fP\fP
workspace to save to. 
.TP
\fB\fIsize\fP\fP
of temp workspace. 
.SS "virtual size_t Script::Property::getPropertySize (void)\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get default size of creation if override.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
size to make. 
.SS "virtual void Script::Property::setProperty (char * data, char * temp, size_t size)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set property method.
.PP
Performs set.xxx and init.xxx methods.
.PP
Parameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIdata\fP\fP
buffer to work from. 
.TP
\fB\fItemp\fP\fP
workspace buffer to use. 
.TP
\fB\fIsize\fP\fP
of data area. 
.TP
\fB\fIsize\fP\fP
of temp area. 

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ccScript from the source code.
